# Make the *Purchase* service autonomous

The *Purchase* service currently has a runtime dependency on the *Catalog* service. It needs to ask *Catalog* for a list of product IDs and names, in order to display the "Create a Purchase order" form. In this assignment we're going to make sure that *Purchase* doesn't have to *ask Catalog* for product IDs and names anymore.

> Which *event* would *Purchase* need to listen to, in order to be able to keep its own list of products?

1. In *Catalog*, use `Stream::produce($messageType, $data)` to publish an event after creating a new product. It needs a message type (a simple string) and relevant data (anything will do, as long as it's JSON serializable, but to keep things simple, I recommend using an *associative array*).
2. Check out the logs (`make logs`) to confirm that the existing `projector` service picks up the newly produced event message. If you're looking for the raw stream, take a look at [`var/stream.txt`](../var/stream.txt).
3. Now, create a projector for the *Purchase* service.
    - Copy `src/Common/projector.php` to `src/Purchase`.
    - Copy the `projector` service definition in [`docker-compose.consumers.yml`](../docker-compose.consumers.yml). Pick a different service name, and make sure it points to [`src/Purchase/projector.php`](../src/Purchase/projector.php) (instead of the one in `Common`).
4. When the *Purchase* consumer receives an event about a new product being created, it should keep track of this product in its own local database. Define a class for such a "local" product in `src/Purchase`. When the event comes in, create a new instance of this `Product` and copy the product data (ID and name) into it. Use `Database::persist($object)` to persist the new `Product` object. The underlying data storage for `Database` is a file in `./var`. The requirements for persisting an object with `Database::persist()` are:
    - Every attribute **must** have a PHP annotation indicating its type, e.g.
        ```php
        /**
         * @var int
         */
        private $productId
        ```
    - The class **must** have a public `id()` method which returns a *unique identifier* (a string) for the object.
    
    **Whenever you make a change to consumer code, make sure to run `make restart` again for your changes to take effect.**
    
    To verify that the consumer creates and stores the local `Product`, take a look at the corresponding `.json` file in `var/`.

5. In `PurchaseApplication::createPurchaseOrderController()`, replace the call to `HttpApi::fetchDecodedJsonResponse('http://catalog_web/listProducts')` with a call to `Database::retrieveAll($className)`, where `$className` is the full class name of the `Product` object you just created.

You have successfully made the *Purchase* service autonomous!

Note: You should be able to run all the tests (using `make test`), including the high-level system tests, which proves that the overall behavior of the application didn't change because of your local code changes.

> **If at any point your program starts failing because of missing data, consider running `make cleanup`, which removes all `.json` files and `stream.txt` from `var/` so you can start with a clean slate.**

## Questions:

- Since you may have created a product before you started publishing events about it, your database may contain products, which are not in the stream. Hence, they are not stored as local products in the *Purchase* service. What would be needed to fix these inconsistencies? Think of/discuss several strategies.
- What happens if you have a bug in your consumer and it doesn't process an incoming event correctly? Take a look at the code and comments of `Stream::consume()` and find out what its built-in mechanism is to counter this situation. What does this mean for the implementation of the consumer?

## Further improvements

- You should take the same steps for the *Sales* service, since that service also has a runtime dependency on *Catalog*.
- You should make sure that when a projector gets restarted, it first deletes all its data, before it starts building it up again. We have the convenient `Database::deleteAll()` method for that.
