# Make the *Stock* context autonomous

Currently, *Stock* needs *Purchase* and *Sales* to do anything meaningful. This shouldn't be the case. By tuning into events produced by the other contexts, *Stock* could gather all the information needed to show the current stock level for all known products. This assignment is a bit more complicated than the first, but it's more rewarding too.

> This project's domain looks a bit like that of warehouse management software. Of course it's a simplified version. In our domain model, the following is true: 
>
> - The initial stock level of a product is 0.
> - The stock level of a product *increases* by the quantity that is being *received* for it (in the *Purchase* context).
> - The stock level of a product *decreases* by the quantity that is being *delivered* (in the *Sales* context).

1. Start with publishing events from the above-mentioned contexts when products are received or delivered.
2. Define a class called `Balance` which can hold a product ID and the current stock level for that product.
3. Set up a consumer for the *Stock* context, which consumes the events from other services.
4. Inside the consumer, take the information from incoming events, and create/update a `Balance` object for keeping track of the stock level (as defined in 2.). Save it using `Database::persist()`. Hint: you can use the product ID as the ID for the `Balance` object, since every product will have exactly one balance.
5. Take a look at what you have in your database (see the `.json` files in `var/`). You should now be able to modify `StockApplication::calculateStockLevels()` to no longer make an HTTP request to all services, but instead, query the objects you've created. 

## Questions

- Events potentially increase coupling between services. An event exposes details about the internal domain model of a service. When consuming events, services gather knowledge about each other's internals. This can lead to something known as a "distributed monolith". There may be runtime autonomy, but there will be lots of violations of D.R.Y. (the *knowledge* aspect of it). Come up with a way to prevent this.
- *Stock* currently doesn't store the names of the products, would it be better if it would? Think of some reasons for or against it.
