# Auto-creating a purchase order

Usually, after a sales order has been created, we need to verify that we have enough of the ordered product in stock. If this is the case, we take the products from the shelf, and "deliver the order" (See `Sales` - `Deliver a Sales Order`). If we don't have a sufficient stock level to deliver the sales order, someone needs to manually set up a purchase order, so we can meet the customer's requirements.

We want to save some time and let the system do this automatically for us.

1. We accept a sales order.
2. We verify that we have enough of the ordered product in stock.
3. If we don't, we need to place a purchase order for this product.

Let's first set it up the simple way. That is, once a sales order has been created, immediately create a purchase order for it. This is overshooting our target by a lot, but it's a good start. Copy this code into the `SalesApplication::createSalesOrderController()` right after `Database::persist($salesOrder)` - after all, that's when we want to auto-create the purchase order:

```php
// We can generate purchase order ID ourselves! :)
$purchaseOrderId = (string)PurchaseOrderId::create();

$formData = [
    'purchaseOrderId' => $purchaseOrderId,
    'productId' => $salesOrder->productId(),
    'quantity' => $salesOrder->quantity()
];

// We make an HTTP POST request, basically faking a form submit on this page
HttpApi::postFormData(
    'http://purchase_web/createPurchaseOrder',
    $formData
);
```

**If you want to see the response of an `HttpApi` request, put `echo` in front of the call. Note that remote errors will be converted automatically into a nice error page.** 

Improve on this code by retrieving the current stock level from *Stock* and decide whether or not the product needs to be purchased first. You can retrieve the stock level for a certain product like this:

```php
$productId = ...;
$stockLevels = HttpApi::fetchDecodedJsonResponse('http://stock_web/stockLevels');
$stockLevelForProduct = $stockLevels->{$productId}; 
```

## Questions

- Should we create a purchase order for the entire quantity of the sales order, or just the difference between the ordered quantity and the current stock level? 
- What have we done?! We have created a direct, runtime dependency between *Sales* and *Purchase*... Not very smart, since the request for making a sales order might fail, even though the reason for this failure is a problem in *Purchase*. Can you think of a solution for the lack in autonomy?
- Consider the following situation: when we check for the current stock level of a product, immediately after that the product gets delivered to someone else. So when we try to deliver our sales order, it won't be possible anymore (and we should have added it to the purchase order after all!). What could we do about this?
