# The reservation pattern

To safely make stock-related transactions in a highly concurrent environment, we should leave the decision about "do we have enough of this product in stock" to the *Stock* service itself. This requires a bit of a different setup, but we can rely on two important techniques:

1. The Reservation pattern
2. A Process Manager

First, a *reservation* is like a two-step transaction. Given we have a sales order for 2 items of product A:

1. Make a reservation by calling the *Stock* service, asking it to *reserve* 2 items of product A.
2. Wait for a confirmation by means of an event that these items have been reserved, before taking further steps in the process.

At this point the *process manager* comes into play: we need to somehow remember that we've made a reservation and are waiting for a confirmation. We also need to take further steps, based on the outcome of the reservation ("reservation accepted" or "reservation rejected", because of insufficient stock).

To keep track of the order process and its current state, use the following description of events and commands (things that need to be done when an event comes in):

### Event: Sales order created

1. Make a stock reservation (provide product ID and ordered quantity).

### Event: Stock reservation accepted

1. Deliver the sales order.
2. Commit the reservation.

### Event: Stock reservation rejected

1. Do nothing (yet).

Of course, we have to respond to this event too, but let's keep that for the next assignment.

## Step-by-step

Let's first prepare *Stock* to be able to handle reservations. There is an already existing `Reservation` class for this, that we didn't use yet.

Set up a new controller so you can make an HTTP POST call to *Stock* to make the stock reservations, i.e. in `StockApplication`, add:

```php
public function makeStockReservationController(): void
{

}
```

Inside this method, assume you have access to `$_POST['reservationId']`, `$_POST['productId']` and `$_POST['quantity']`. Fetch the `Balance` for the given product ID from the database. Then call `makeReservation()` on it. Read the code and the tests in `BalanceTest` to figure out how `Balance` deals with stock reservations.

If the reservation was successful, persist the `Balance` object in the database. Then, produce an event indicating that the reservation was accepted. As event data, provide all the data you have (i.e. the product ID, the quantity and the reservation ID).

Next, let's create the *Sales* process manager. Copy the `process_manager.php` script again from `Common` into `Sales`. Don't forget to define this new consumer in `docker-compose.consumers.yml` too.

The start signal for the process manager is going to be the "sales order created" event. We don't have it yet, so we must produce it first. The data for this event should contain the sales order ID, the product ID and the quantity. While you're working on the `createSalesOrderController()` just remove everything you did for assignment 04 (we're working on a better solution for that problem after all!).

Back to the process manager: when it consumes a "sales order created event", it should make the stock reservation. You can do it with:

```php
HttpApi::postFormData(
    'http://stock_web/makeStockReservation',
    [
        // form data...
    ]
);
```

One simple but important trick here is to *use the sales order ID as the reservation ID*. That way, when the "reservation accepted" event comes back in, we can relate it to the sales order for which the reservation was made.

Since `makeStockReservationController()` will produce new events informing the process manager about the result of the reservation, it only needs to listen for these events. For now, it should listen to the "reservation accepted" event. If that event comes in, it should mark the sales order as deliverable (i.e. fetch the corresponding `SalesOrder`, call `markAsDeliverable()` on it and then save it). This allows us to finally remove that "TODO" in `SalesApplication::deliverSalesOrderController()`, including the line below it...

Once the user decides to deliver the sales order this will trigger a new event ("sales order was delivered"). If the process manager receives that event, it should finally commit the reservation (i.e. make an HTTP POST request to `http://stock_web/commitStockReservation`). You need to add a controller for that too, which fetches the `Balance` and calls `commitReservation()` on it.

Since making a reservation effectively decreases the balance, it shouldn't happen again after receiving a "sales order delivered" event. The *Stock* process manager should no longer manually decrease the balance. Instead, we should produce a "stock level changed" event in the `makeReservationController()`, right after the reservation was accepted.

Wow! A lot of work, but when you're done, you've successfully implemented a complicated sales process. Run `make cleanup` to start with an empty database and stream, then `make restart` to restart all consumers, fix possible bugs, and enjoy the result!

You can test the flow of the "happy path" as follows:

- Create a purchase order.
- Go to Receive Goods and mark the purchase order as "received".
- Create a sales order with a quantity less than the quantity of the purchase order.
- Note that upon refreshing the list of sales orders, the created sales order has automatically been marked as "deliverable".
- Now deliver the sales order and see how the stock level on the dashboard has automatically been decreased by the quantity delivered.
