# Respond to "reservation rejected" by creating a purchase order

Process managers often have to deal with failure scenarios, like when the stock reservation wasn't accepted, but rejected instead. We were planning on automatically creating a purchase order in that case. But we still need to write that branch of the code.

All you have to do now is to let the *Sales* process manager respond to the "reservation rejected" event too. It should then create a purchase order by making an HTTP POST request to the *Purchase* service, just like you did before in assignment 04.

Make sure to supply your own purchase order ID, which could be the same ID as the sales order ID for now, so we can later know to which sales order the purchase order belongs.

Now, when the goods have been received for this purchase order, we could try to make the reservation again. Hopefully it will be accepted at that point.  

There's one problem that keeps us from implementing it like this; not every "goods received" event belongs to a sales order, so not every one of these events should result in making a stock reservation. We need roughly the following:

1. When a sales order gets created, we make a stock reservation (we already implemented this).
2. When the reservation gets rejected, we create a new purchase order that matches the product and quantity of the sales order.
3. **We have to somehow remember that we are waiting for the goods to be received.*
4. When goods have been received, we check if the purchase order ID matches with the one we have created in step 2.

This means we have to make the process manager stateful. You can use the existing `OrderStatus` class. The logic you have to implement in the *Sales* process manager is the following:

- When a "sales order created" event occurs, besides making the stock reservation, also create and persist a fresh instance of `OrderStatus`.
- When a "reservation rejected" event occurs:
    - Load the `OrderStatus` for the sales order ID (remember that this ID is the same as the reservation ID).
    - Create a purchase order using `HttpApi::postFormData()`. Use a random purchase order ID and store it in the `OrderStatus` object (don't forget to call `Database::persist()`).
- When a "goods received" event occurs:
    - Try to find the right `OrderStatus` based on the purchase order ID from this event: use `Database::findOne()` for this, like so:
    
        ```php
        $result = Database::findOne(OrderStatus::class, function (OrderStatus $orderStatus) use ($purchaseOrderId) {
            return $orderStatus->purchaseOrderId() === $purchaseOrderId;
        });
        ```
    
      `$result` can be either `null` or an instance of `OrderStatus`. If it is the latter, then try to make the stock reservation again.
      
Making another stock reservation basically makes the process manager enter the same loop again, but this time it should have a sufficient stock level and be able to deliver the sales order automatically.

## Dealing with asynchrony

Instead of immediately retrying the stock reservation upon the goods received event, we may actually have to wait a bit until the *Stock* consumer has caught up with the latest changes to the stock level. The easiest fix is to let the *Sales* consumer wait a second or two until it will make the `makeStockReservation` call again.

You get bonus points when you can prove with a system test that the process manager works well now. Hint: you may (for once talk) directly to the database. Use `$this->assertEventually()`, because the assertion may not succeed immediately. One assumption you can leverage here is: there's only one purchase order, and only one sales order (the database gets purged before every scenario).

## Question

The hack you have to apply here hints at an issue with the design. Can you think of a solution?
