# Build a more stable solution for retrying a stock reservation

The solution to assignment 7 wasn't great: we needed a call to `sleep()` to ensure that the second stock reservation was _more likely_ to succeed.
Sleep is good for us but not for the computer since we can't be sure it didn't sleep long enough, or too long.
We should instead build on top of the chain of events and keep the responsibility of retrying rejected reservations inside *Stock*.
When we receive goods we should check if there are previously rejected reservations that can now be accepted.

We need to change the following things:

1. The *Sales* process manager should no longer try to make a stock reservation after receiving goods.
2. Instead, the *Stock* process manager should do this work. The `Balance` entity should loop over the rejected reservations and accept the first one that matches the quantity of the received goods.
3. `Balance` has already been prepared to do this work. As you can see in `makeReservation()`, it already keeps a list of rejected reservations. The `processReceivedGoodsAndRetryRejectedReservations()` method is a better alternative to `increase()`.

First improve the code, and test it in the browser.

Next, open `managing_stock.feature` and remove the `@skip` tags of the last from the final scenarios.
From now on these scenarios will be executed when you run `bin/test`. 
Read the scenarios and find the corresponding *step definitions* in `FeatureContext`.
As long as you haven't implemented them, they just throw a `PendingException`, meaning that Behat will ignore them.

- `weSellQuantityOfProduct()` is easy to implement since there is an existing private method for this behavior.
- The same goes for `weReceiveGoodsForThePurchaseOrder()`. There's no need to select a particular purchase order because there is only one purchase order. 
- You can use the same trick to implement `theSalesOrderShouldBeDeliverable()`. Just try and deliver the only existing sales order. If that works, then it means the sales order was in fact deliverable. 
- For `aPurchaseOrderShouldHaveBeenCreated()` you can do something like this:

  ```php
  self::assertEventually(function () use ($quantity) {
      $jsonDecodedData = $this->getResponseAsDecodedJsonData(
          'http://purchase.localtest.me/listPurchaseOrders'
      );

      // verify that the response contains one purchase order with the given quantity
  });
  ```
